Deprecating and replacing PRBs classes (#4871)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

*** Changelog ***

= 10.3.0 - xxxx-xx-xx =

> * Dev - Deprecates and replaces PRBs classes with ECE equivalents

Reviewer: Nit: I think we should use longer names here rather than the acronyms.
```suggestion
* Dev - Deprecates and replaces Payment Request Button classes with Express Checkout equivalents
```

Reviewer: Actually I think this change may need to be described as an `Update` due to the deprecation. This is something we should flag as much as possible. I think it should also get an entry in the "Compatibility Notes" section of the main readme.txt file.
